Actually and now we're getting really fancy but for completeness sake I want to show it to you can not
only use proxies as prototypes You can also wrap proxies itself.
So oh I use var all the time.
Well doesn't matter if I create another proxy or just name a proxy and does a new proxy that here.
I passed the first proxy.
Now a lot of proxies here.
And then I said the same same handler.
And then I'll copy my handler here too.
And the first handler will actually have no traps.
The promo handler here will however.
No I'm setting produ handler on my produ proxy and then I'm using produ proxy as my prototype.
And if you're still with me what do you think will happen.
I had run I get non-access And so now the prototype is a proxy which wraps a proxy which uses this handler
or the wrapping proxy uses this handler.
And yet that is I don't know if you are using that all the time but just for completeness sake proxies
can wrap proxies and you may play around with that as well and see how different traps that interact
if you do have traps in both proxies.
For example you might have a first check in the wrapping proxy and the proxy you might have another
check.
So there are just some things where you might want to think about